I will come back on this video here.
I want to do some more refactoring.
We had our little applications here.
I think we should include many of these things the head or the food or in other parts of our file structure.
Right.
So here on my SU Eskew what I want to do is I'm going to click on it and I'm going to create a new folder
called includes enter and then in includes I'm going to create two files and then right click on it
and I'm going to create create one file call header that BHB.
So we're going to be putting our head they are going to reichlich again and create another one called
footer that BHB.
All right.
And what I want to do I want to start with the first function here.
So the first function is to create because we are doing the crowd and I want to take all this everything
that has to do with the head of the document.
And that starts with the body right here.
So everything that has to do with the head.
I want to take it off and going to put what I did I took it off with the with ADD.
So right so make sure you cut it off.
So command or controls is NOT see.
Command Control see copy command c command or control at the right.
Just make sure you do that.
So that way we can have her here and we're going to include it.
We're going to use a function includes and include actually and if I can get this here.
That would be nice.
And we say the father called includes and is called Head or that BHB.
All right.
So we are going to be included in this Hetter.
We're going to do it right now right here.
Paste that information in there and let's go check that read to see if this file create.
I'm sorry it's working right.
We do that.
Go check it out to see if he's still there.
There we go so it's working now.
Let's go and grab the Forder.
All right let's grab the footer from here.
So make sure this Dave here OK so we don't have anything on the footer we just have this little three
divs here.
It's going to take it off this puzzle ph BTX.
And remember what I do command X or control edge to cut it.
So that way you can still have those in your when you paste it with your mouse.
All right.
So includes footer.
Right let's go to the actually footer that BHP and we have that up here also had that Ph.
OK.
So let's go to footer and paste it here.
Perfect.
All right.
So let's make sure that it works.
We're working we right we checked source we can see that here and our head is here too.
All right.
All right perfect.
So what I want to do is I want to copy this let's copy this includes into the files right and take it
off and just copy this.
So the next one is Cruthers update.
I'm going by the acronym crowd.
C R U D.
All right.
So update let's take the head out and let's include it.
Let's do that.
And the next one they are going include the footer after I finish including the header.
Right.
So the next one is D.
Delete.
Right.
All right we've got create update actually update we've got the update and it actually was read create
a read was and that's one.
Sorry guys.
Right let's do read.
We've got a mess here we need to fix this one too here.
But let's just take this out.
This one now we need to fit Reed into a function.
Let's just make sure we do that right.
We need to read is creating a function so let's get it out of here.
And this is a mess.
We need a connection too.
So let's let's go ahead and do all that.
So let's just include the connection here.
This one eats everything.
The B that B.
Right.
So we got the connection here let's call it a couple of them functions.
That's the read right here.
Write functions is something that we need to include there too.
All right.
Now let's take this idea here.
This connection we don't need this connection.
Let's just take everything out here and just take this equerry out of here let's make it into a function.
How about that.
I think if we take it into a function would be a lot better than just leaving a here.
Let's just take this out and make sure we close that ticket into functions and this call is read.
So we have create then we shall have show or data right here.
As a matter of fact we had a here.
Right.
So we have to do this.
Let me check something out for us.
Let's go back to it.
Are we doing here is actually showing all the data so we can call the same function right here.
Perfect.
So let's do that.
That's called a function right there.
First let's just put these files in two different BHB tags.
Let's call that function right here.
Let's go back to it.
Let's call it and it's called show or data
and this go to logon and right here show data.
So hold on.
That function was actually showing showing all data has this
is showing all this right here.
So we called our phones is going to go and call all this and we don't want that because if we go back
we have this my Escorial showing something else here.
All right so we're just going to call this function something else let's just make it something else.
All right so let's go back and undo.
By pressing command Z.
All right.
And let's just take this and just leave it that way it is there and we going to put it into the functions.
All right so be careful with that and just to BHB taxing here.
Be careful with that with what I was about to do there.
And this is another Funk's you see this function is different because it's already pulling some other
data.
We don't want that this function is going to be specific to read data.
Right.
Because they were displaying something right here.
We need to actually include this into our function to into the function.
That's what we're going to be calling it.
So we've got the cross you create the next functions should be read the rows all right.
And this go here and you're going to see in a minute what I mean.
If you don't understand it this function is totally different from the one from the show data in the
bottom so the show data is going to be echoing the ID right.
That's what this function is doing.
The other one is going to be echoing all the rows.
All right.
So let's go back to the file and just take this out of here.
Let's just take the whole thing out even though we have to fix it
and we need to call that function right here by the way.
So I'm just going to have some VTX waiting for it.
All right.
As a matter of fact we screen if you like this fine.
All right let's go to the function and rerolls right here and just get a copy of that in here and just
going to take the HD mail out BHP tacts.
Let's see
if we can fix this.
It looks a little better.
There we go.
Looks looking better make sure that all the text match or the curly brackets by clicking on it and you
can see the little thing under the click and it's perfect.
This should be the function right here.
Perfect.
All right.
So I think we're good with this.
All right we'll find out.
Right now we are good.
All right.
So let's go ahead and call this phone the Logan from here.
See how that comes out.
Let's go to read
on the five.
All right forgot the global.
Remember to put the global connection all the time in there.
Perfect.
All right.
There we go.
As you can see there.
All right we don't have the pretax because we're not using it right here.
But let's go back to that and we can use the pretax outside.
So let's use a pretax right here.
Strap it around there and it should look better right here.
Now there we go now.
All right.
So we showed the first array here and the second array right now is not going to divide each array into
each each like we did on the last time but is going to do it like this I think is better than we showed
on in one place here.
So I mean we did a lot here and look at this how this looks.
Now we need to include we have the head or we need to include the footer on this fous here.
So let's just go ahead and get the footer.
And I believe the Create has it create logging on the score create has the footer.
And let's go to the next one cross update.
Let's take the foot out of here and let's just include it there.
The next one is B C C R.
Read it to have the read also make sure we have the head for the read.
We have the header.
And what else update we have.
The lead lead we need to get the lead done.
So take this off let's copy first the head or let's get the body out of there with this we have footer
here.
No we don't let's get an update copy get the hang of it.
Whoops.
Right right here.
This is for the elite perfect.
And make sure we have the head for it perfect.
We can even include this form in another file used to make it cleaner.
How about that.
We can include the whole content inside somewhere else if we wanted to but this is OK since we don't
have the same content everywhere else.
I know we know that the head is the same and the foot is the same.
So that way we can include it.
So let's just double check that everything is working Hetter create is good.
The lead is good.
UPDATE IS GOOD AND IT'S check read real good.
Let's just check it here.
Just make sure start with crud create.
All right let's do of date
right.
We can use a little touch center there on this form here a little class called data center
right to center stuff.
Right.
So across the next one will be read which will check on that already read and delete the next one.
This files looking good.
Delete.
Whoops.
Answer me.
All right.
Perfect.
So we are good to go.
All right.
I mean there's nothing else we got to do here.
And I think this was a good exercise for you to learn refactoring.
And if you are with me still.
Great job.
If you follow everything here if not for some reason just go back and rewind videos or ask me the questions.
All right.
Thank you again for watching this and hopefully this will help you organize your applications a lot
better.
Take your